JVM: Java Virtual Machine
    -> executes java bytecode
    -> bytecode to machine code
    -> makes java independent

JRE: Java Runtime Environment
    -> JVM + Libraries(java.lang, java.util, etc.)
    -> use when we only want to run java program not develop them.

JDK: Java Development Kit
    -> JRE + Development tools
    -> contains JRE, compiler, debugger etc.
    -> required for developing java applications.


DATATYPES:-
=> Primitive:
    1. byte - 1 byte
    2. short - 2 bytes
    3. int - 4 bytes
    4. long - 8 bytes (append L)
    5. float - 4 bytes (append f)
    6. double - 8 bytes
    7. char - 2 bytes
    8. boolean - 1 bytes

=> Non-Primitive:
    1. String
    2. Classes
    3. Arrays
    4. Interfaces


VARIABLES:-
    1. Local var: inside method
    2. Instance var: inside class (property)
    3. Static var: declared using static keyword


OPERATORS:-
1. Arithmetic
2. Logical
3. Assignment
4. Relational
5. Unary
6. Ternary

CLASS: blueprint or template that define properties and behaviour, doesn't occupy memory until an object is created.

OBJECT: real world entity created from class, occupy memory in heap

CONSTRUCTOR: default constructor, parameterized constructor

OOP: Object Oriented Programming
1.Encapsulation: Binding data(variables) and methods together into a single unit and controlling access to the data. (achieved using classes, private variables and public getters and setters)
2.Inheritance: allows class to acquire properties and behaviours of another class
3.Polymorphism: one object many forms - same method behaves differently depending on the object (compile-time(overloading) and runtime(overriding))
4.Abstraction: hiding implementation and showing only essential features.

final variable: can't be changed(value)
final method: can't be override
final class: can't be inherited
private members are not inherited
super() must be first statement in constructor
static method can't be overridden
interface variables are public static final and methods are public by default